# CS305
•	Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address?
Throughout the course, we worked on security for a program for the client Artemis Financial which is a consulting company specializes in individual financial plans for customers. The company wanted to address data security as they want to make sure the any data that they are dealing with is safe and secure. 
•	What did you do very well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing?
When identifying the clients’ vulnerabilities, it was important to take the correct steps in handling the vulnerabilities going forward. We needed to identify the best way to protect the company against these vulnerabilities that were identified. It is also important to understand that sometimes false positives occur and should be reviewed. It is important to code securely because coding with bad habits can open the door to attacks and would make the system more vulnerable. Data protection is very important to any company and any breach is a risk to the company’s wellbeing.
•	What part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?
There were multiple areas of the vulnerability assessment that where helpful in understanding the best ways to protect the system. There were some areas that I struggled, but overall it was worth it and I gained a better understanding of how important security is to a system. 
•	How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?
One great way to identify vulnerabilities is utilizing the dependency report. After sorting out the false positives this can give you an outline of where the system is at risk. A lot of these vulnerabilities can be corrected with a simple update. 
•	How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
Once again, the dependency check report was extremely helpful in helping identify if the code was functional and secure. Ensuring there were no errors when running the code was key. After refactoring the code, I ran a dependency check to see if any new vulnerabilities appeared. These would need to be handled. 
•	What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?
The best tool for me was utilizing websites such as stackoverflow and the web to do research any time I struggled. Another great resource was YouTube. These resources have been helpful to me throughout my time at SNHU and will be going forward. 
•	Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?
I would walk them through the processes that were taken to at security the system we were working. How we completed these phases step by step and a good description of everything that went into increasing the security.
